eneral
Name
A unique name for your Web Service.

PanicSense

Edit
Region
Your services in the same region can communicate over a private network.

Singapore (Southeast Asia)
Instance Type
Free
0.1 CPU
512 MB
Update
Please ask the owner (markypogi905@gmail.com) to enter their payment information.
See remaining free usage, or learn about free service limits.
Build & Deploy
Repository
The repository used for your Web Service.

https://github.com/draiimon/PanicSense

Edit
Branch
The Git branch to build and deploy.


main

Edit
Git Credentials
User providing the credentials to pull the repository.

markypogi905@gmail.com (you)
Use My Credentials
Root DirectoryOptional
If set, Render runs commands from this directory instead of the repository root. Additionally, code changes outside of this directory do not trigger an auto-deploy. Most commonly used with a monorepo.


Edit
Build Filters
Include or ignore specific paths in your repo when determining whether to trigger an auto-deploy. Paths are relative to your repo's root directory. Learn more.


Edit
Included Paths
Changes that match these paths will trigger a new build.


Add Included Path
Ignored Paths
Changes that match these paths will not trigger a new build.


Add Ignored Path
Build Command
Render runs this command to build your app before each deploy.

$
pip3 install -r requirements.txt && npm install && npm run build

Edit
Pre-Deploy CommandOptional
Render runs this command before the start command. Useful for database migrations and static asset uploads.

$

Edit
Start Command
Render runs this command to start your app with each deploy.

$
npm run start

Edit
Auto-Deploy
By default, Render automatically deploys your service whenever you update its code or configuration. Disable to handle deploys manually. Learn more.


Yes

Edit
Deploy Hook
Your private URL to trigger a deploy for this server. Remember to keep this a secret.

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••



Regenerate hook
Custom Domains
Your service is always available at https://panicsense-inii.onrender.com
You can also point custom domains you own to this service. See DNS configuration instructions.
panicsenseph.ct.ws
redirects to www.panicsenseph.ct.ws
DNS update needed to verify domain ownership
Verify
Add a CNAME record for panicsenseph pointing to 
panicsense-inii.onrender.com

DNS configuration instructions
www.panicsenseph.ct.ws
Domain VerifiedCertificate Issued
Delete

Add Custom Domain
PR Previews
Pull Request Previews
Spin up temporary instances to test pull requests opened against the main branch of draiimon/PanicSense. Choose Automatic to preview all PRs, or Manual for only PRs with [render preview] in their title. Pull Request Previews create a new instance for just this service. Use Preview Environments to clone a group of services for every PR.


Manual
